Sprint Reflection
Sprint 4
4/X/2025

Jarrett- This sprint went well overall, with meaningful progress made on core features, but it definitely presented some challenges. 
Toward the end, we found ourselves with a lot of work left to complete, which created a time crunch.
This was largely due to some procrastination earlier in the sprint, which we’ll need to address in the final sprint to make sure we're complete.
The technical demands of this sprint were pretty high too, involving more complex logic and more bugfixing, which naturally made the work more difficult.
However, this also pushed us to improve our understanding of the code and use more collaboration in difficult parts.
While the sprint had its rough patches, it was productive even though other classes were also taking up a lot of our time.

Bren- This sprint had a very high technical demand, with the camera and level loading being probably the most complicated systems to create for this project.
This created a natural difficulty, as a lot of other work that needed to be done depended on level loading working first.
Unfortunately, this means a large portion of our work was saved for the final week of the Sprint, however, we did, in fact get it done.
My work this sprint mostly revolved around the inventory, as such I wouldn't say I had too much difficulty with anything in particular. The biggest delay I faced was
simply waiting for those working on item collection to get that system finished before I could add things like items to the inventory. The Map was something that depended
on level loading, so I added it pretty much last second.
Overall, I feel we as a team did great this sprint, albeit we could have been more proactive on getting work done. However, it is worth noting a few of us reported that
other classes were taking up our time, which I feel is a reasonable explanation for work being delayed.

Nick- I feel like I didn't have much to do this sprint since my responsibilities were mainly having to do with collisions. I think this led to procrastinate a bit on my
tasks. However, I think I did a good job stepping in to help Bennett when the walls were giving him trouble with the room transitions. I think that in terms of functionality,
our code has turned out pretty well. I think there is space for improvement when it comes to optimizing the game for better performance and bug fixes. I think one thing to watch
out for going forward is making sure that our final product for sprint 4 is robust enough to withstand the additions we are going to make for sprint 5 as they may expose 
some underlying bugs and performance issues within the code. In general, I think the team did a good job in keeping up the momentum from sprint 3 to get the main game 
functionality finished.