Sprint Reflection
Sprint 5
4/16/2025

Bren- This sprint was a relatively calm ending to an otherwise strenuous project. I worked with Jarrett to get the Portal Gun working, though I mostly handled the visuals.
I enjoyed having a chance to dabble in a more artistic side of things this sprint by creating the sprite sheet for the portal stuff. From there, my work programming was
pretty much just spent implementing the sprites for the portals. There was some difficulty, as before I started work, Jarret had already given a hand at the sprites, so I had
to do some refactoring to acclimate to my new implementation of the sprites. Beyond that, this sprint was pretty straightforward, and a fun ending to the project.

Angstrom- For my sprint 5 content, I added two new enemies, as well as a rudimentary "victory" state that triggers after defeating the new enemies 
(and the dragon, who was already part of the game). While I found my work for the sprint itself to be relatively uneventful and straightforward, I
could not shake the feeling that there were still a few parts of the game "missing", for lack of a better term. In hindsight, during both this sprint
and the previous one, I think we should have focused a lot more on getting all the base game functions working...

Jarrett - This sprint was a really nice way to close out the semester, and was easier to do with our division of tasks.
I worked with Bren to do the portal gun, which was a really fun new challenge opposed to the typical emulation of the original game.
I wish I was better at spritework, because that's a typically very important part of game development, but I think I did a good job with collaborating with Bren to get it done.
We also caught up on the work that was overdue from Sprint 4, which was nice to finally get done.

Nick - I enjoyed working on this sprint since it gave the freedom to work on features of our choice. I chose to create a developer console inspired by the one in the source engine.
It currently has commands for setting the health and keys of the player as well as as a help command to display the available commands. I wanted to add more commands before the
deadline but ran into some issues with item initialization and how they are currently added to the game. Overall, I think the current implentation of the console allows for easy
expansion so I think I could be able to add more commands before the final demonstration. I, along with everyone else also worked on ironing out missing features from the last
sprint like doors and overall game progression. It was satisfying to our game come together into a final playable product.